{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17000\viewh8580\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The computer I use is made by Dell company. It is in black color, and quite heavy so I do not want to carry all day because it would be quite tiring. It has a core i7 cpu so it can compute everything in a high speed. The graphic is not very well because the geforce 960 is not powerful enough to support what people need nowadays. However, since it is made by the Dell company, when there are problems I can always give the Dell company a phone call to seek for help. The hard drive has been filled with many softwares for my daily use and some of them are games I purchased from steam, an online game shop. The computer is still in good condition although it has been used for years, every single part of the key board is still working and they looks exactly like a brand-new item.  Although I have been keeping this machine with everything I can do the stickers I pasted on it has been fading. \
Among the softwares, there is R, which I often use for my data science homework. I have also been using it to learn linear regressions, and the probability also. This free and open source software is really marvelous and useful for students. Of course it also has some disadvantages , or all of the softwares that demands payments would have no where to live. Since people who use it did not pay anything, it is just impossible for anyone to be responsible when a mistake was done by R. This makes it harder for big companies to use R. \
And once I have mentioned R, I should also say the eclipse also plays an important role in my computer. This is the software I have been using to learn Java, a language that is very popular nowadays. This is a simple and easy way for people to learn about both the language and data structure, which is exactly what I did last semester. Since the data structure is easier to use, it is also easy to develop some programs .\
And here comes to Dev-cpp. Although it has been an old developing environment since nobody provides any further developments of it since ten years ago, it is still able for beginners to learn something about C language. C is a little bit harder than Java to maneuver, but it helps me to know something more. \
After mentioning all these softwares about studying, it is time to talk about games on the computer. Victoria 2 , and Fallout 4, these are all my favorite games. I bought them when there is a special price on steam platform and that was really a great deal. Cheap games can help me to deal with hard times. When it is just simply too hard to keep focusing on studying, I will just spend a few minutes playing games. Computer games sometimes really plays an important role in my life. In 21st contrary, sometimes my friends are just too busy to make me feel good and it is time for gaming. Computer games provide a fake world but can at least get myself out of this world that is full of disappointment and agony. \
}